really cool is they are obviously having
a good time themselves they've got their
family their friends just watch this
crowd i think they're going to go the
two months
adam morrison ej benga uh josh powell
shannon brown and jordan farmer welcome
guys
and by the way i want to mention
something because i feel like a villain
in fairness we should uh that wasn't the
only victory parade um the clippers were
feeling a little left out and there was
actually a clippers victory parade um
that day too
a little bit later it wasn't quite as
cool
[Applause]
everybody got a little bit into the
action
well congratulations guys and uh you
must be thrilled you get have you been
allowed to touch the trophy yet has kobe
been taking it around with him right
here
[Music]
hey one thing about this team man you
got to have thick skin to play on this
team right is that right who's guys
these guys teach people these guys these
guys are horrible who gets it the worst
who gets it the worst yeah whoa hey oh
yo
hey
mr congo hey
official
what man right there dj
banger
cash i noticed you you go cash you call
them congo cash music
[Laughter]
did they watch you in belgium did they
watch the series yeah of course just
like paul said they watched you know it
was like it was a late over there
but people didn't want
and do you know these guys are screwing
around with you do they do it because of
your accent
we just don't know where you're from for
real yeah you don't
yeah i've seen a lot of belgians you
don't look like one of them
that's what we say
that's where we know what
what man
get this man a waffle he's lost blood
sugar hey no
that's what we do all the time man
sometimes if we haven't had a bad game
and we lose a tough one we get on the
bus
we just start messing with dj man
he get us going man get us going after
um after you guys lost game three coach
jackson took you guys to the movies
yeah why did he take you to the movies i
have no idea
i remember i called dick i said why the
hell we going through with it i don't
feel like doing this right now we have
no idea why we went to see that
particular movie the movie we went to
which movie did you go to the
taking the pelham one two three uh-huh
yeah yeah i thought it was your idea he
took me yeah i thought that was your
idea
oh that was just that no well see that's
what happens though everybody you know
it wasn't your idea the oldest person in
the room always gets blamed for
everything
[Applause]
did you guys get together and pick the
movie or not i don't pick the movie not
at all did you and so what did was it to
relax you i have no idea
we wouldn't win
[Applause]
no that movie's hilarious though a
hostage movie seems like a bad way to
relax the team no everybody kind of left
the movie like
and by the way what about the people
sitting in the road behind you guys
we had the whole theater
we're sitting in there you know yeah
that would be a bad thing on the lakers
teen movie outing to be sitting in the
room you wouldn't really see anything
other than the backs of your heads it
was just us it was just
they were sitting behind you though
yeah they couldn't see nothing
yeah luke 2.
we got a rule with luke if if if you're
in the room and we're watching film he
has to sit in the last row why because
if he sits in the front row the person
behind me got a chance at hell
see i'm saying so not a shot yeah you uh
you guys also the coach asked you to
turn your cell phones off for the
entirety of the finals is that was that
true i heard that we didn't get that
memo you didn't get that well
yeah
uh
you did not get that one or you ignored
it
because derek you were twittering
throughout the whole thing right
at times there was times you weren't
yeah not during the game not during the
game
so there's no truth to that at all then
no he didn't make us meditate though
before yeah we did get a couple sessions
a minute do you guys really meditate or
you just sit there and kind of make it
seem like you're meditating
[Laughter]
we don't want to say that okay you know
what i said you know what it is
it's a grown-up time-out yeah
i'll tell you what though the next time
we do go into meditation next year the
first thought that is gonna come into my
mind as we breathe and we concentrate
are those fabulous shoes that you
wearing oh thank you
[Applause]
i didn't want to feel like vern troyer
feels all the time you know
all right guys as long as people
understand that that is not a nike shoe
that's not enough yet it is not a nike
product yeah
nothing to do with that you guys uh you
spent a lot of time together obviously
so i mean you you shower together that's
something most co-workers don't do
does phil shower with you where are you
going with you
well uh would you be more comfortable if
we were all nude
i just i'm saying you know each other
well what's up
i want to ask a few just general
questions and anybody can answer or
whatever first of all who's the cheapest
guy on the team
you are
he also eats
five times more than anybody on the
table is that right oh my goodness yes
sir
because of your cheapness you figure if
you eat more and you split the check
then you'll get more out of it oh no
miss you know my house we got a lot of
people that love to eat so you got to
get to it real quick before it's all
gone so
i kind of i kind of mastered that you
know you did it yeah barkley got started
i mean you get on the plane he's already
there
damn shannon
who complains the most out of the group
he's not here oh he's not was it lamar
no
oh all right
[Applause]
shout out to sasha yeah who is the uh
coach's favorite
uh
[Applause]
who is the coach's least favorite of the
group who gets picked on the most
no the pick one of the most is uh
why isn't lamar here tonight
um i don't know we're not sure is he
declared free agency already and he's
not going anywhere he's not going
anywhere you will not
and how long like how long before you
guys actually pick up a basketball again
do you do you you get right back to it
that's a question for powell you because
you gotta play with it i might play i'm
gonna play the european yeah you are
gonna play much but it's in september so
i still got a little time to
rely on them because dj is about to play
too right now oh yeah
now we touched my followers they don't
talk about me they ask the power hey
what are you playing for playing for the
belgian now she's playing you playing
what team what yeah
but i came from congo no no but see
that's why we present to a coach yeah
because he's originally you're
originally from the congo yeah and now
you live in belgium yeah and are you the
only basketball player in belgium or are
there others jacques claude van damme
yeah
what is your belgium
excuse me what's it called dj where's
the car
you may have to stay here with us and
become a security guard because
i think it really comedy is your area
i don't know if you're not going to pay
me
oh yes
did you understand what he said he's uh
he said are you going to what are you
going to pay me something like that yeah
was texting you like throughout the uh
the olympics right yeah he texted me a
couple times he texts you like a couple
of times right he said somebody said he
didn't call him back because if you get
him on no i talked to him on the phone
actually but i could understand one word
you said
i was like like yo dj hey just text me
man just text me
i can't understand nothing and dj you're
better with the text you're good with
the texting yes it's much better right
now
who has a great plan for uh as soon as
this uh victory parade is over with
where are you guys going anybody want to
mention anything in particular
ah everything adam where you going adam
he's a quiet one you gotta make him talk
adam is so baked right now
[Applause]
[Laughter]
is that typical or is
it no you ain't getting nothing out of
them
and jordan are you the only jewish
player in the nba is that true i didn't
know that
yeah that's not gonna be a problem is it
dj
[Laughter]
you would assume so yes sir you got to
start asking around you know
no i think i think so that's pretty cool
yeah i met some guys who were wearing
lakers yarmulkes which i'd never seen
before
last night i swear to god we're really
excited about that believe it or not
they're big fans we got a lot of support
worldwide there you go well
congratulations to all of you uh it's a
great
[Applause]
303.
[Music]
you